Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Guten morgen.
How was your flight?
Like a giant nursery
ward in the sky.
I got ten minutes of shut-eye max.
Well, who said our
career isn't glamorous?
Now I got to turn
around and fly right back.
Any chance of upgrading
out of coach?
You'll have to take that up
With the appropriations committee.
Good luck with that on a Sunday.
Come on, auggie.
I'll be fighting the jet stream.
Hey, anytime you
want to switch places,
Just let me know.
Someone's a little
cheeky this morning.
Too bad-- I was gonna
get you a souvenir.
Yeah?
Yeah, a saint bernard--
Stuffed, of course.
Kind of remind me of you.
Great. I remind you of cujo.
It's the slobbering, isn't it?
Yeah, that, and they're
cute and dependable,
And when you're feeling low,
they bring you booze.
It's my contact. Wish me luck.
good luck.
At the end of the day,
the cia is acting in our name.
We need to demand
more transparency.
I was personally
assured by the director
Of clandestine services himself,
arthur campbell,
That things would be different
under this new regime.
What evidence have we seen
That anything has actually changed?
What are you doing?
Oh, I couldn't help it.
I had to watch it.
Give me that. Give it.
You promised no david gregory.
She mentioned my name.
It's just noise, arthur.
No, plus,
it's like she's being cc'd
On every piece of paper.
I thought we agreed no
shoptalk until noon today.
Just tell me you're plugging
any leaks from your division.
I will find the leaks.
Trust me.
Now, are you gonna take advantage
Of my largesse already,
Or do I have to find someone
who appreciates me more?
Toast soldiers.
Mm-hmm, with one
soft-boiled egg--
Just the way you like it.
I also brought you the paper.
Aw...Oh.
It's very light.
That's because I shredded
Everything related to geopolitics.
You redacted the sports page.
I know how you get
about the nationals.
They got smoked, didn't they?
I'm not talking.
Yeah, well...
I have ways of getting
it out of you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Oh! Ah!
- Ignore that.
- Ignore what?
That.
Try to ignore this. - I can't...
I really can't...
Yeah.
No.
It's annie.
The swiss authorities
report no casualties,
But a handful of people have
been rushed to the hospital
With injuries.
As of yet, no terrorist group
has taken responsibility.
I'll see you in 15.
It just a run-of-the-mill
brush pass.
Just tell me we didn't
pull her off the farm
Before she learned
how to go to ground.
Hey, are you all right?
The bomb--
I'm fine, I think.
You ever try and disguise
a government-issue
Titanium briefcase
on the run before?
I can assure you-- it's not easy.
All right, so you've got
the package-- which one?
Mine. Ours.
And your 20?
I'm in town, on foot,
on my way to the turk's.
That's still the backup, correct?
That would be our backup, yes.
They wanted a briefcase.
Think it might be time to read
me in on what I'm carrying here?
That information has
not gone vertical yet.
Tell me what happened
with the pass.
Did you establish a
visual with the contact?
- Yeah, with both of them.
- Both of them?
Seems like orange wristbands
and metal briefcases
Are all the rage in zurich, auggie.
It's getting hard to tell
who's on my team out here.
I am, okay? I'm on your team.
I'm with you all the way home.
I think I've been made.
I'm gonna have to
dead-drop this package.
Annie...
Yeah, well,
that's the protocol, right,
When things go tango uniform?
Yes, yes, that's the protocol,
but we don't have one vetted.
Annie?
Hey, can you make it to the turk's?
That's not an option right now.
Okay. Do what you have to do.
What's the word on annie?
En route to the turk.
Clear head, wits about her.
Good. And the package?
She had to drop it.
There's an empty
safe house nearby.
I can take you there now.
Thank you.
- What's that?
- Oh, I...
I must have forgotten.
Now your shoes, please.
- My shoes?
- Your passport, any I.D.
They are no good to you anymore.
He's expecting me.
Hello, bill.
Ken.
David.
Maybe I should come back later.
No, we're all family here.
Saves me from catching
everyone up one at a time.
Okay, then.
Here's what we know.
Fedpol grabbed this image
off the closed circuit
Just prior to the bomb going off.
The briefcase matches the
shrapnel from the explosion.
Do we have enough
for a visual I.D.?
They matched it to the passport.
S.A.P. Is looking
for a gayle beacham
From scarborough, ontario.
She already made it to the turk,
So we're good there,
But we need to get
her out of zurich.
What's the status
of the briefcase?
It's been dead-dropped.
Walker's confident
it's secure, for now.
We have some good
news from tel aviv.
Their operative, eyal lavin...
He also escaped with his package.
So for now, there hasn't
been anything compromised.
I'm sorry, bill.
Did I say something funny?
- Nothing's been compromised?
- That's right.
Now, I've been constructing a
plan for walker's extraction.
From what I understand,
We have three active assets
operating in zurich canton--
Thank you, joan.
Ken's gonna be
coordinating extraction.
But annie's my operative.
I'm not gonna jeopardize
the safety of my operatives
In the field through
contact with your division.
What are you talking about?
Where are we on
the liza hearn leak?
We're proceeding as scheduled,
Diligently, systematically.
I'm sorry. Is this really the time?
We have an operative
out there in the dark.
Is this really the time to
focus our energy on the leak?
The d.P.D.'s been compromised.
I'm wondering whether you're
too close to your people
To prosecute this fully.
Bill's gonna initiate a
company-wide investigation
Starting today with the d.P.D.
Are we all on the same page?
Absolutely.
You can come up now.
Apartment 503-- the towels
and bedding should be clean,
But I cannot make any promises.
Okay. Um, is there milk?
For the mac and cheese?
You can make do th water.
Okay.
I will bring you a new passport
As soon as I cobble it.
Isn't this where you tell
me everything's gonna be okay?
I am just a bridge
agent and a cobbler.
I'm not a handler. - Meaning...?
Meaning I do not
traffic in false hope
And baseless reassurance.
Okay, then.
- The hair dye-
- hold it to your face.
I want to check the color.
What do you think?
In case the color
does not flatter you...
- Oh...
- Better this than that hat.
You're my contact.
What are you doing here?
I should ask you
the same question.
I don't get this.
We get tasked with a simple
brush pass-- in and out--
In a presumably secure airport,
Then things go sideways.
I go my way. You go yours.
I get to ground.
Hold on a second.
You're already here?
It's funny how
things happen, huh?
Why would cia and mossad
share the same safe house?
I don't know.
Maybe for the same reason
We both fly coach
instead of first class.
You did fly coach, right?
This doesn't make any sense.
Come on, stop making this seem
More random than it actually is.
What, you've never seen munich?
You want to tell me what
you're doing with that thing?
Pass me that foil.
There's only one bed.
That's all we need, neshama.
Come on, think of it as kismet.
We shack up here for a few days.
We let things die down,
And then we do what we were
brought together to do.
Which is what exactly?
Exchange briefcases, of course.
You want to tell me where yours is?
- It's somewhere safe.
- This is somewhere safe.
That's why they call
it a safe house.
Where else is safe? - It got hot.
I had to drop it, so...
That's how they
teach you in the cia?
Not to get caught with
compromising materials?
Yeah. It's basic cia protocol.
Protocol?
I take it mossad doesn't
have the same procedure?
A mossad man never separates
from his package, ever.
You're just a jobnikit,
aren't you?
All this talk about protocol,
It's like you're sitting
at a desk pushing paper.
I'm not a paper pusher.
I've done fieldwork before.
Yeah? How much?
Plenty.
You made a police
scanner out of that thing?
Yeah. In case you
speak only american,
What they're saying is--
I know. The swiss
security apparatus
Is looking for you and me.
At least we're in a
friendly country.
Friendly?
A colleague of mine
is in prison here
For five years for
an act of espionage
No different than this.
That's not gonna be my fate.
I'm gonna go take a shower.
Try not to broadcast our
location while I'm in there.
Pretty cloak and dagger, no?
Shouldn't you be feeding
the pigeons or something?
You apparently
think this is funny.
Yes, I do.
Not as funny as if you were also
wearing a trench coat, but...
You mentioned me by name.
You broke the rule, liza.
It's unwritten, arthur.
The dci and the director
of public affairs--
The only names ever
spoken in public.
It's not like anyone can't
find you on the org chart.
What's your endgame here?
You getting me pushed out the door?
Don't you think
you're overreacting?
If I'm gone, there will be
another henry wilcox moving in,
Blacking out the windows,
Installing floor-to-ceiling drapes.
Good luck with your
transparency then.
I've heard this
song before, arthur,
How all you need is
a little more time
To gradually change the culture.
But nothing ever happens.
I'm more of a rip the
band-aid off type of girl.
I can play rip the
band-aid off too.
Trust me when I say this-
my version hurts more.
Are they with you?
It must be hard to
level empty threats
And pretend to be a good
guy at the same time.
You break any more rules,
written or unwritten,
You put any of my people
anywhere in jeopardy,
I'll let you judge for yourself
how empty my threats are.
I don't know about the pigeons,
But the squirrels go
crazy for that stuff.
If you were mossad,
where would you stash your briefcase?
Hold on. I'm pulling
his 201 up now.
All right...
Eyal lavin.
Three years I.D.F.
-- Field intelligence squad--
Then two years with magav
in the golan heights
Before becoming mossad in '98.
Oh, wow. - What?
You said this guy
tried to kill you?
Yeah, with a piano wire. Why?
This guy was with
kidon for five years.
"the hard squad"-- assassinations,
kidnappings.
This brush pass seems way
beneath his pay grade.
And yet it's not beneath mine?
I don't see anything in his file.
Maybe he's a burn-out
case or a drinker.
Yeah, or maybe he just
pissed somebody off somewhere.
He's the kind of guy that
likes to piss people off.
"a mossad man and his package"--
Have you ever heard everything
so ridic-- whoa, my god.
What?
Uh, nothing.
Just tell me you're working
on getting me home.
I'm working on bringing you home.
Is-- is it possible that
this guy's a double agent?
I mean, are we even
sure he was my contact
In the first place?
Well, you can send me his picture
And I can try to match up his I.D.
I could send you a picture,
But, uh, not sure it'll
work for I.D. Purposes.
All right, listen,
they want to know
Where you dropped the briefcase.
We're gonna send someone
to go pick it up.
I can still complete the mission.
I mean, I can't stand this guy,
but I can still make the pass.
Annie, this is not
a reflection on you.
This is standard
operating procedure.
Of course. Okay.
Oh, my g-- what are you doing?
Annie? Annie?
You know how easy to trace
one of these things are?
I was talking to langley.
Yeah, let me guess, cia protocol?
It's an encrypted phone.
What?
Someone knew every nut
and bolt of our mission.
So either your agency or
mine has been corrupted.
My guess is it's yours,
But, hey, I don't mind
admitting I'm biased.
You really enjoy being
a jerk, don't you?
I do.
Oh, and by the way,
if you're looking for this...
You're welcome to join me.
Whoa.
Yeah, I need a reverse cell
lookup on walker's phone.
All right, you four,
report to polygraph.
No, I've got the
last known location.
I just need to know
if it starts moving.
Let's go, anderson. Step to.
I'm sorry.
This is gonna have to wait.
Now.
Walk this up to dcs
with the other background
You're compiling as soon
as humanly possible.
- Done.
- Joan.
Will you call off
arthur's attack dog?
I'm trying to reestablish
contact with annie.
Leave the intel with me.
We'll make sure
someone fills the gap.
- I don't understand.
- It's a company-wide directive.
Everyone's coming under scrutiny.
You ready, yet, hot shot?
don't be a baby.
Ow.
Ah.
Oh!
- Neshama!
- What?
Come quick. It's an emergency.
What is so pressing
that it can't w--
Your food. You don't
want it to get cold.
Smells good.
If there's something I've
learned over the years,
It's treat every meal as
though it's your last.
Come on, sit down. Eat.
What is it?
Just a little hanger steak
with some charred eggplant
And pine nuts.
Oh, and a little beurre rouge.
We're okay?
How did you-- when did you, uh...
I stowed away on a
food-service truck
Getting out of the airport.
What is it?
Um, I don't know.
It must've been from the shrapnel.
- Let me see.
- Ay.
Come on, don't be shy.
I'm gonna have to stitch that.
You keep eating.
- I got this.
- That's okay.
I'll get this. I insist.
If you take his money,
someone will be listening in
On every phone
conversation you have
For the rest of your life.
Don't listen to her.
She doesn't have the power
to make that happen.
I, on the other hand, do.
He's the dcs.
We need to talk.
I'm gonna forgive you for
the price of a double latte?
Is that what you think?
Thank god you're not out in
the field handling assets.
You don't have a feel for it.
I think you're being
overly sensitive.
You hung me out to dry, arthur,
To save face with your foursome.
Heaven forbid I'm
actually kept in the loop
On any of this stuff.
I still don't even know what's
in those damn briefcases.
- It's just protocol.
- It's just wrong!
Am I failing you as head of d.P.D.?
No, of course not.
If I cut you any slack
running do this leak,
My wife, they'd burn the
both of us out of here.
I'm gonna tell you something--
David, ken, and bill are brutuses,
Every single one of them.
They're just waiting for the chance
To stab you in the back.
- Oh, come on.
- It's not their fault.
It's how they were trained.
It's how we were all trained.
But there is exactly one
person in this place
Who you can truly
trust to the core,
And you are doing your
best to alienate her.
Aah!
Mm. Is that gonna scar?
Oh, most definitely.
But in a cute way.
Right.
You can always put a tattoo
over it if you don't like it.
You're not jewish, are you? - No.
Good. Well, good for the tattoo,
Not so good for me going
to introduce you to my mom.
Were you read in on
what's inside the briefcase?
No.
It doesn't make you curious
What someone tried to kill us over?
It's not for me to speculate.
I can't stop thinking about it
Since I boarded the plane.
I don't know how you
can be so zen about it.
Give you two scenarios.
One, you're carrying a krytron tube
Capable of triggering
a nuclear device.
The second, you're just a
bagman shuffling shekels
Back and forth.
You having that knowledge,
Is that gonna change how
you conduct yourself?
Honestly?
Yeah, I'm gonna conduct
myself differently.
That's why they don't tell us.
Just cogs in a wheel, you and I.
Keep your head,
complete your mission,
Let the suits worry
about the bigger stuff.
All right, we're done.
Let's find you
something else to wear.
I-I already looked in there.
There's nothing to wear.
yeah, I saw that already.
Yeah?
What, you weren't gonna tell me?
Black leather and polaroids--
Still the best way
to flip a politician.
I thought it was
something like that.
That's a lot of
rope for one person.
Well, how do you
know it's just for one?
Last time I holed
up at a safe house,
All we had to play with was,
uh, scrabble.
I'm fine with scrabble.
So...
You gonna tell me where you
dropped the package, huh?
The terminal, or did you
leave it with the turk?
Who's the turk?
So you're gonna play it that way?
What's the matter?
That guy down there...
In the overalls with
the power company van.
- It's Sunday.
- And those aren't work boots.
Get dressed quickly.
You learn this on the farm?
Bouldering at moab.
Oh, shoot. - Whoa. You all right?
- Yeah.
- All right, ladies first.
- Do you want me to, uh--
- no. I got this.
I'm going to ask you
a series of questions
To act as a control sample, okay?
No, it's not okay.
You wanted the truth, correct?
Just answer the
questions, please.
Your name is August anderson?
Yes, but my friends
call me auggie.
You can call me August.
"yes" or "no," please.
You were born in glencoe, illinois.
Is that correct? - Yes.
Okay, you lost your eyesight
While with special forces in iraq.
Is that correct?
I'm sorry. You'll have
to be more specific.
- You were in tikrit?
- Yes.
There was an incident,
an explosion.
- Yes.
- And now you're blind.
- No, I'm not.
- You're not?
What does the machine say?
I spent 12 months down on the farm,
I did my sere training
at fort bragg,
And I have four
mean-ass older brothers.
You don't think I know
how to lie well enough
To beat that thing?
Are you happy with
your current position
As field-ops support?
Yes.
Have you requested more
field responsibilities?
- Once or twice.
- "yes" or "no."
Yes.
Are you frustrated with
your superior's decision
To keep you on the bench?
Well, yes, but I think
that's understandable.
Do you think you know
better than management?
No.
Good.
Now that we've
determined a baseline,
We can get started.
Fatma?
Boy, am I glad to see you.
Oh, you're here.
- What the hell?
- What are you doing here?
I'm here to rendezvous with you.
What do you think?
Get these handcuffs off me.
She was dead when I
got here, I swear.
It just occurred to me
In the airport, before
the flash-bangs went off,
You put your sunglasses on...
Like you knew what was coming.
Well, you-- you're completely
paranoid, aren't you?
Listen, check the body if you
don't believe me, l right?
Rigor has set in all the
way through the torso.
She's been dead for
four hours at least.
Chesapeake bay letter press.
How can I help you?
Offset litho and
proof desk, please.
Hello, helvetica.
It's good to have you back.
I'm sorry. Do I know you?
I- I-I need to speak
With my normal service
representative.
Officer anderson's
currently unavailable.
I'm gonna be your
acting liaison now.
My name's braithwaite,
eric braithwaite.
Acting liaison?
I don't understand.
Hang up the phone, annie.
- Y-you're not d.P.D.?
- I'm ncs.
We're gonna be handling
your extraction.
Changing liaisons mid-mission
with no handover?
I need your 20.
Hey, we can't rely
on normal channels.
We must assume everything's
been compromised.
Helvetica, I want to remind you
To please just follow protocol.
Just give me one good
reason to trust you right now.
Doesn't matter if you
can trust me or not.
The question is, can you use
me to complete your mission?
That's all that's important.
And it's gonna be really difficult
For you to leave the
country without this.
Listen, we retrieve your package.
We make the exchange,
and this is yours.
I found some fresh
clothes in the back.
Come on, annie... Use me.
Helvetica?
I'll call back in when I can.
Don't make me regret this.
Let's go.
Do you believe in the
concept of a greater good?
Yes, I suppose.
And you believe
yourself qualified
To be the arbiter of that?
- What are you getting at?
- Let me rephrase.
Do you think that
there's a part of you
That wants to punish the agency
for what happened to you?
I don't believe this.
There is an operative out
there somewhere in the cold,
Alone, and in danger.
And every second I am spending here
Twaddling with you is a
second I am not helping her
To get back home.
So let's cut the psychobabble
And just ask me the
question you want to know.
Did I corrupt the
zurich exchange? No.
That's not what I want to know.
It's not?
Are you the source
in the liza hearn leak?
What?
Are you liza hearn's source?
No.
Are we done now?
Ah, the old "hidden
in plain sight" gambit.
It works well until the manager
sees something out of place.
And trust me, retail managers,
They always notice when
things are out of place,
No matter how small.
You want to recruit a spy,
Forget about the army
or your ivy league.
Just set up outside
a good benetton.
It's not in the luggage store.
Then where?
The linen closet, the ice machine?
You're not instilling me
with a lot of confidence.
I know what I'm doing.
A slow Sunday afternoon
in a half-booked hotel.
Don't tell me.
Yeah.
It's under the bride.
- What's this?
- That's all we know re: Zurich.
The operation was compromised
on the israeli side.
They believe one of their
operatives went rogue--
This guy, daniel klein.
You know him?
No.
I'm trying to negotiate
sanctuary for walker,
But the swiss are in no
mood to do us any favors
Since we forced their
hand on bank secrecy.
You're reading me in on this.
Excuse me, mr. Campbell?
I was told to tell you they
need you back upstairs.
Dinner later, maybe?
If I can?
Sure. Just let me know.
* *
Unbelievable.
You found the one hotel in zurich
Without a working fire alarm.
they can't sit there all night.
They have to get up
and dance sometime.
Let's just topple the table.
Hey, hey.
See that crew cut
leaning on the post?
- Yeah.
- Canton police sergeant...
Off-duty-- that's
their regiment tie.
I don't know how long we
have before someone makes us.
We should dance, don't you think?
To blend in.
* *
In case anyone asks,
You're cousin heidi's
son from liechtenstein.
You're pretty good at this,
you know?
I used to dance
competitively as a boy.
Get out of here.
Why did you quit?
Well, it was all rigged.
When I stopped kissing
the ring, pfft,
Judges go east german on you.
And you don't like to
kiss the ring, do you?
Is that why they
sent you on a mission
They normally have a rookie run?
Another lesson I've learned,
neshama--
Don't pretend to know something
you have no clue about.
I was just curious.
I'm gonna ask her to dance.
Get ready to grab
the package. - Okay.
Just, uh, try not to be yourself.
* *
* you didn't heed my advice *
- She's injured.
- Oh.
Looks like a walking cast to me.
If she really wanted to,
she could've, uh...
Well, you can't account
for some women's taste.
I mean, look at the
guy she just married.
Can you imagine a
lifetime with that?
She's getting
frustrated with him.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Get ready to grab the package.
- Hey-hey!
- Ha!
* it's you, it's me *
* mysteries are coming clear *
* once your heart is true *
* all your troubles disappear *
You...
I wasn't sure you were coming back.
You want to know
why I was sent here?
It's because I missed a ferry.
I was escorting an
asset off of corfu--
A ferry to athens,
then a flight to tel aviv.
Sounds easy, right?
Except the guy's in the
middle of this custody thing
With his wife.
Didn't get a chance to say
good-bye to his little girl.
And where we're going,
he might never get that chance.
That's another thing you
learn in our business--
Make every good-bye count.
Anyway, we,
uh-- we missed the ferry.
We caught the one the next day.
They benched you for that?
I didn't follow protocol.
That's what I get for
being such a nice gui.
So where to now?
We'll head to bern.
I know another safe house there,
Then maybe a train
to France or Italy.
The riviera?
Spend some time on the beach.
Eyal!
You're gonna have to start
Pulling your weight
in this partnership.
You know, it's only fair.
I'm gonna need you to find
us a quick way out of here.
You've had that this whole time,
And you're just using it now?
Wouldn't have done
any good earlier.
It's the first time I
had a clear advantage.
Langley doesn't issue you these?
No, they don't.
I guess that makes
you the only americans
Who don't carry guns, huh?
I take it you are
walker and lavin.
We've just received
word from interpol.
Seems you two have
some planes to catch.
- Auggie, good news-
- you passed your polygraph.
You'll be back on your
desk tomorrow morning.
Imagine that.
See you tomorrow.
So when did you
make them for mossad?
It was the way they
entered the safe house...
In teams, always four, always--
One for transport,
one to locate the target,
And two for the execution.
I think you owe
langley an apology.
Yeah, I know.
Plus, I'm horribly embarrassed
by their inability
To take us out.
I mean, it's a national
disgrace the fact that you and I
Are still walking-- especially you.
So hold on. You let me
believe it was langley
Even after you knew it wasn't?
Like I said, anything
to complete the mission.
Just cogs in the wheel, right?
So do you think we
should finally do this?
Wait, how do we
know which is which?
Powerpuff girl?
My niece gave it to me for luck.
Never put it this much
to the test before.
Maybe the riviera next time.
I don't know.
The beaches in israel
are much better.
- Really?
- Didn't you hear, neshama?
Everything's better in israel.
Are you awake?
Now I am.
Can I ask you something?
When you read me in earlier
on the zurich situation,
Did you do that as my
boss or as my husband?
Honestly, I don't know.
Is there a right answer
to that question?
I don't know either.
Did you check any luggage,
ms. Abramowitz?
Nope, just the
one carry-on today.
Cab fare just in case.
Nice work, helvetica.
Transcript by Addic7ed.com
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org